($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
(Alice began to say “I once tasted—” but checked herself hastily, and
(Before she had this fit)
(Dinah was the cat.) “I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at
(In which the cook and the baby joined):
(We know it to be true):
(and she tried to curtsey as she spoke—fancy _curtseying_ as you’re
(for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
(she had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot
(she knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard—while the
(she was obliged to say “creatures,” you see, because some of them were
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
(“I only wish it was,” the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.)
*      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND ***
*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND ***
1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:
1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
1.F.
1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
A Mad Tea-Party
A bright idea came into Alice’s head. “Is that the reason so many
A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
A secret, kept from all the rest,
Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she
Advice from a Caterpillar
After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
Alas! it was too late to wish that! She went on growing, and growing,
Alice a little timidly: “but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a
Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
Alice coming. “There’s _plenty_ of room!” said Alice indignantly, and
Alice considered a little, and then said “The fourth.”
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates;
Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
Alice could think of nothing else to say but “It belongs to the
Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself to
Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on “And how
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar’s making such _very_
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter’s remark seemed to have no
Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another
Alice folded her hands, and began:—
Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first
Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. “What a
Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read
Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
Alice heard the Rabbit say, “A barrowful will do, to begin with.”
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put
Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute,
Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet:
Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
Alice sighed wearily. “I think you might do something better with the
Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and
Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do,
Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave
Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. “It’s no use
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, “Now, what am I to do
Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
Alice was silent.
Alice was thoroughly puzzled. “Does the boots and shoes!” she repeated
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
Alice)—“and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster—”
Alice, she went on, “What’s your name, child?”
Alice, “and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
Alice,) “Well, I hardly know—No more, thank ye; I’m better now—but I’m
Alice.
Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland
Alice’s Evidence
Alice’s love_).
All on a summer day:
All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling
All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and,
Allow me to sell you a couple?”
An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and
An invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.”
An obstacle that came between
And argued each case with my wife;
And beat him when he sneezes:
And concluded the banquet—]
And have grown most uncommonly fat;
And mentioned me to him:
And pour the waters of the Nile
And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. “They must
And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face
And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and
And the executioner went off like an arrow.
And the moral of that is—‘The more there is of mine, the less there is
And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,
And took them quite away!”
And welcome little fishes in
And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
And yet you incessantly stand on your head—
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose
As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment,
As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see
As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to
As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of being
As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head,
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them,
At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came
At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
Author: Lewis Carroll
Be off, or I’ll kick you down stairs!”
Beautiful, beautiful Soup!
Beautiful, beautiful Soup!”
Beautiful, beauti—FUL SOUP!”
Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
Because he knows it teases.”
Between yourself and me.”
Bill’s place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her head on her
But here, to Alice’s great surprise, the Duchess’s voice died away,
But said I could not swim.
But she waited patiently.
But the snail replied “Too far, too far!” and gave a look askance—
But there seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at
But, now that I’m perfectly sure I have none,
But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back, the fight
By the use of this ointment—one shilling the box—
By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
CHAPTER I.
CHAPTER I.     Down the Rabbit-Hole
CHAPTER II.
CHAPTER II.    The Pool of Tears
CHAPTER III.
CHAPTER III.   A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
CHAPTER IV.
CHAPTER IV.    The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
CHAPTER IX.
CHAPTER IX.    The Mock Turtle’s Story
CHAPTER V.
CHAPTER V.     Advice from a Caterpillar
CHAPTER VI.
CHAPTER VI.    Pig and Pepper
CHAPTER VII.
CHAPTER VII.   A Mad Tea-Party
CHAPTER VIII.
CHAPTER VIII.  The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
CHAPTER X.
CHAPTER X.     The Lobster Quadrille
CHAPTER XI.
CHAPTER XI.    Who Stole the Tarts?
CHAPTER XII.
CHAPTER XII.   Alice’s Evidence
CHORUS.
CHORUS.
Caterpillar, and the words all coming different, and then the Mock
Christmas.”
Contents
Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
Credits: Arthur DiBianca and David Widger
DAMAGE.
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
Defect you cause.
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.”
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Do you think, at your age, it is right?”
Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice
Don’t let him know she liked them best,
Down the Rabbit-Hole
Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
Down, down, down. Would the fall _never_ come to an end? “I wonder how
Duchess was _very_ ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
Duchess! Oh! won’t she be savage if I’ve kept her waiting!” Alice felt
Duchess: you’d better ask _her_ about it.”
Duck: “it’s generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
Everybody looked at Alice.
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
Exactly as we were.
Fainting in Coils.”
First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like the
First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, (“the exact
First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the
Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low
For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
For anything tougher than suet;
For he can thoroughly enjoy
For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse
For this must ever be
Forty-two. _All persons more than a mile high to leave the court_.”
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
Game, or any other dish?
Geography. London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of
Gryphon answered, very nearly in the same words as before, “It’s all
Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, “Drive on, old fellow! Don’t be all
Gryphon.
Gryphon. “We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?”
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Gutenberg™ License.
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
Has lasted the rest of my life.”
Hatter and the March Hare went “Sh! sh!” and the Dormouse sulkily
He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare
He only does it to annoy,
He sent them word I had not gone
He trusts to you to set them free,
Heads below!” (a loud crash)—“Now, who did that?—It was Bill, I
Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by
Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep
Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
Him, and ourselves, and it.
His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]
How I wonder what you’re at!’
How neatly spread his claws,
How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie—”
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and
However, this bottle was _not_ marked “poison,” so Alice ventured to
I _think_ I can kick a little!”
I almost wish I’d gone to see the Hatter instead!”
I beat him when he sneezes;
I gave her one, they gave him two,
I get’ is the same thing as ‘I get what I like’!”
I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
I shall only look up and say ‘Who am I then? Tell me that first, and
I suppose it doesn’t mind.”
I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
If I or she should chance to be
If she should push the matter on,
Improve his shining tail,
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
Involved in this affair,
It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
It was all very well to say “Drink me,” but the wise little Alice was
It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it
It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. “It’s really
It’s enough to drive one crazy!”
I’ll just see what this bottle does. I do hope it’ll make me grow large
I’ve got to grow up again! Let me see—how _is_ it to be managed? I
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door
Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
King, rubbing his hands; “so now let the jury—”
King.
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Language: English
Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, (“That’s Bill,” thought
Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers
Laughing and Grief, they used to say.”
Let me see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen,
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
Like a tea-tray in the sky.
Literary Archive Foundation
Literary Archive Foundation.”
Lizard’s slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
Lobster Quadrille is!”
Lory.
Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
Majesty,” he began, “for bringing these in: but I hadn’t quite finished
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
March Hare. Visit either you like: they’re both mad.”
Mercia and Northumbria—’”
Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
Most recently updated: March 30, 2021
Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam slowly back to her: its face
Mouse in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she
My notion was that you had been
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—“Pat! Pat! Where are you?” And
No, there were no tears. “If you’re going to turn into a pig, my dear,”
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he’d do almost anything
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
Oh dear, what nonsense I’m talking!”
On every golden scale!
On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
On which Seven looked up and said, “That’s right, Five! Always lay the
Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
Pig and Pepper
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, “and just as I was thinking I
Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
Pray, how did you manage to do it?”
Pray, what is the reason of that?”
Presently she began again. “I wonder if I shall fall right _through_
Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was saying, and the words came
Queen in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a
Queen jumped up and bawled out, ‘He’s murdering the time! Off with his
Queen said—”
Queen to play croquet.” The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn
Queen to-day?”
Rabbit came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, “If you please,
Rabbit interrupted: “_Un_important, your Majesty means, of course,” he
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves
Release date: June 27, 2008 [eBook #11]
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
Rome, and Rome—no, _that’s_ all wrong, I’m certain! I must have been
START: FULL LICENSE
Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the dance.
Said his father; “don’t give yourself airs!
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
Seaography: then Drawling—the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™
Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun “Well, of all the unjust
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, “Which way? Which
She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited till
She gave me a good character,
She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of
She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of the
She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt
She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
So she called softly after it, “Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in
So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see it
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she
So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes
Some of the jury wrote it down “important,” and some “unimportant.”
Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
States without permission and without paying copyright
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable—’”
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
THE END
THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
That your eye was as steady as ever;
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
The Cat’s head began fading away the moment he was gone, and, by the
The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into a
The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without opening its
The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes. “I wasn’t asleep,” he said in a
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise. “What! Never heard of
The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he _said_
The Hatter shook his head mournfully. “Not I!” he replied. “We
The Hatter was the first to break the silence. “What day of the month
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said “Consider, my
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. “Consider your
The King’s argument was, that anything that had a head could be
The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.
The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts,
The Knave shook his head sadly. “Do I look like it?” he said. (Which he
The Lobster Quadrille
The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
The Mock Turtle went on.
The Mock Turtle’s Story
The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, “‘—found
The Mouse only growled in reply.
The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
The Pool of Tears
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or
The Queen smiled and passed on.
The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave “Turn
The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
The Queen’s argument was, that if something wasn’t done about it in
The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. “Where shall I begin, please
The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
The executioner’s argument was, that you couldn’t cut off a head unless
The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a
The first thing she heard was a general chorus of “There goes Bill!”
The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one hand
The further off from England the nearer is to France—
The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the
The jury all wrote down on their slates, “_She_ doesn’t believe there’s
The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by—the
The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went
The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
The next witness was the Duchess’s cook. She carried the pepper-box in
The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen’s absence, and were
The pepper when he pleases!”
The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates. “What are
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, “Have
Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly
Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled together.
Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.
There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, “I
There was a general clapping of hands at this: it was the first really
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as
There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
There was certainly too much of it in the air. Even the Duchess sneezed
There was nothing so _very_ remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it
There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
These were the verses the White Rabbit read:—
These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
They all returned from him to you,
They are waiting on the shingle—will you come and join the dance?
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (If
They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank—the
This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.
This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In a
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
Though they were mine before.
Title: Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.”
Turn that Dormouse out of court! Suppress him! Pinch him! Off with his
Turtle drew a long breath, and said “That’s very curious.”
Turtle, and to hear his history. I must go back and see after some
Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had
Turtle.
Turtle.”
Turtle’s heavy sobs.
Twinkle, twinkle—’”
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
Waiting in a hot tureen!
Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
What made you so awfully clever?”
What would become of you?
When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite
When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!”
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing
While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; “this paper has just been
Who Stole the Tarts?
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Who would not give all else for two p
Why, I do it again and again.”
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?”
With gently smiling jaws!”
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose—
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak—
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door—
You gave us three or more;
You know the song, perhaps?”
You’re mad.”
[Illustration]
[later editions continued as follows
[later editions continued as follows
_Alice’s Right Foot, Esq., Hearthrug, near the Fender,_ (_with
_can_ have happened to me! When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied
_could!_ I’m sure _I_ don’t want to stay in here any longer!”
_hated_ cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don’t let me hear the name
_is_ that to be done, I wonder?” As she said this, she came suddenly
_one_ with such a neck as that! No, no! You’re a serpent; and there’s
_red_ rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen
_some_ change in my size; and as it can’t possibly make me larger, it
_that_ is—‘Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
_this_ size: why, I should frighten them out of their wits!” So she
_two_ little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. “What a number
_very_ tired of being all alone here!”
_would_ not remember the simple rules their friends had taught them:
_you_ like cats if you were me?”
_your_ temper!” “Hold your tongue, Ma!” said the young Crab, a little
_yours_: I don’t like them raw.”
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.” (For, with all
a Hatter: and in _that_ direction,” waving the other paw, “lives a
a _very_ turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also
a bit.”
a deal too flustered to tell you—all I know is, something comes at me
a fan! Quick, now!” And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off
a holiday?”
a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt,
a large crowd collected round it: there was a dispute going on between
a little different. But if I’m not the same, the next question is, Who
a memorandum of the fact.
a mouse—to a mouse—a mouse—O mouse!”) The Mouse looked at her rather
a pig, and she felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah’ll be sending me on messages next!” And she
a tree a few yards off.
about a whiting before.”
about half no time! Take your choice!”
about her any more if you’d rather not.”
about her repeating “_You are old, Father William_,” to the
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you’d
about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can’t
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very
about the twentieth time that day.
about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that she knew
about wasting _it_. It’s _him_.”
about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.
about.
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
addressing nobody in particular. “She’d soon fetch it back!”
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were
after it: “I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!”
after that into a butterfly, I should think you’ll feel it a little
again!”
again!” which produced another dead silence.
again, for really I’m quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!”
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.
again, sitting on a branch of a tree.
again, the Dodo suddenly called out “The race is over!” and they all
again.
against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
again—‘_before she had this fit_—’ you never had fits, my dear, I
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
all brightened up again.)
all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick,
all my life!”
all over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
all the jurymen are back in their proper places—_all_,” he repeated
all the players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody
all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short time
all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with
all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
all wash off in the sea. But they _have_ their tails in their mouths;
all!” “Do as I tell you, you coward!” and at last she spread out her
all. I needn’t be afraid of them!”
alone.
along the course, here and there. There was no “One, two, three, and
aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.
alternately without a moment’s pause. The only things in the kitchen
always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
an atom of meaning in it,” but none of them attempted to explain the
an atom of meaning in it.”
an ignorant little girl she’ll think me for asking! No, it’ll never do
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.
and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. “I beg pardon, your
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
and added “It isn’t a letter, after all: it’s a set of verses.”
and all of them bowed low.
and among them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
and began talking to herself, as usual. “Come, there’s half my plan
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.
and every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After a while
and four times seven is—oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that
and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken. She hastily put
and holding it to his ear.
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
and make _their_ eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact
and perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing. For
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
and put it to her lips. “I know _something_ interesting is sure to
and sadly:—
and she could even make out that one of them didn’t know how to spell
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
and she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at
and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into
and that if you cut your finger _very_ deeply with a knife, it usually
and the cool fountains.
and the reason is—” here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his
and then a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to
and there was silence for some minutes.
and they walked off together.
and this was her dream:—
and till the puppy’s bark sounded quite faint in the distance.
and told me he was going a journey, I should say ‘With what porpoise?’”
and under sentence of execution.
and vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.”
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
and wag my tail when I’m angry. Therefore I’m mad.”
and wags its tail when it’s pleased. Now _I_ growl when I’m pleased,
and waited.
and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, “Oh my ears
and we’ve no time to wash the things between whiles.”
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
and whiskers, how late it’s getting!” She was close behind it when she
angrily: “really you are very dull!”
animals, and some were birds,) “I suppose they are the jurors.” She
another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: “There is such a nice little dog near
answer. “They’re done with blacking, I believe.”
answered “Come on!” and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
answers.”
anxious.)
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard
anxiously about her. “Oh, do let me help to undo it!”
anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon
anxiously round to see if he would deny it too: but the Dormouse denied
any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
any more!” And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
anything but sit with its mouth open, gazing up into the roof of the
anything else.
anything had happened.) So she began again: “Où est ma chatte?” which
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in
appearance in the air: it puzzled her very much at first, but, after
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself
applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the
approach us with offers to donate.
arch I’ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the
archbishop find?”
are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
are; secondly, because they’re making such a noise inside, no one could
around it—once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the
arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them—all sorts of little
as if nothing had happened.
as it lasted.)
as long as there was room for her.
as she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches,
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
as to go after that savage Queen: so she waited.
as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will
as ‘I sleep when I breathe’!”
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he
at her, and the Queen said severely “Who is this?” She said it to the
at home! Why, I wouldn’t say anything about it, even if I fell off the
at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the
at poor Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the
at the Mouse’s tail; “but why do you call it sad?” And she kept on
at www.gutenberg.org. If you
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
authority over Alice.
away,” but they began running when they liked, and left off when they
baby, and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:—
back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment’s delay
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into
be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While she
be four thousand miles down, I think—” (for, you see, Alice had learnt
be listening, so she went on again: “Twenty-four hours, I _think_; or
be renamed.
because I was a different person then.”
bed!” On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left
been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very
before it’s done.”
before she made her next remark. “Then the eleventh day must have been
before using this eBook.
before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.
before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
before, never! And I declare it’s too bad, that it is!”
before,” said Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: “‘Miss Alice! Come
began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did not venture to go
began picking them up again as quickly as she could, for the accident
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground
began: “O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
begged the Mouse to tell them something more.
begin.” He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of
beginning of this work.
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
begins ‘_I passed by his garden_.’”
begun asking riddles.—I believe I can guess that,” she added aloud.
beheaded, and that you weren’t to talk nonsense.
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what
being drowned in my own tears! That _will_ be a queer thing, to be
bend, I think?”
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
birds hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
birthday presents like that!” But she did not venture to say it out
blame on others!”
bleeds; and she had never forgotten that, if you drink much from a
bore it as well as she could.
bottle marked “poison,” it is almost certain to disagree with you,
bread-and-butter getting so thin—and the twinkling of the tea—”
bread-and-butter.
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.”
burst of tears, “I do wish they _would_ put their heads down! I am so
bursting out laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was
but I don’t remember where.”
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
but it said nothing.
but on the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it
but she added, to herself, “Why, they’re only a pack of cards, after
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small,
by Lewis Carroll
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
by without noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying
called out as loud as she could, “If you do, I’ll set Dinah at you!”
called out to her in an angry tone, “Why, Mary Ann, what _are_ you
called out, “Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! _I’ll_ soon make
came different!” Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:—
can do no more, whatever happens. What _will_ become of me?”
cannot be read by your equipment.
can’t prove I did: there’s no name signed at the end.”
can’t think! And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds! Why,
carefully, remarking, “I really must be getting home; the night-air
cat in the world! Oh, my dear Dinah! I wonder if I shall ever see you
caterpillar, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly
cats.”
cautiously: “But I don’t understand. Where did they draw the treacle
certainly did _not_, being made entirely of cardboard.)
changed for Mabel! I’ll try and say ‘_How doth the little_—’” and she
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
changed several times since then.”
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
cheered.
child; “but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children,
children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
clever thing the King had said that day.
close by her.
come to the end: then stop.”
coming back to finish his story.
complaining tone, “and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can’t hear
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
confused way, “Prizes! Prizes!”
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there’s the
confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
contempt. “I’ve seen a good many little girls in my time, but never
contemptuously. “I dare say you never even spoke to Time!”
conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while
conversation. “Are you—are you fond—of—of dogs?” The Mouse did not
conversations in it, “and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice
copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
could _not_ stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and
could get away without being seen, when she noticed a curious
could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends
could.
couldn’t get them out again. That’s all.”
country is, you know. Please, Ma’am, is this New Zealand or Australia?”
country other than the United States.
course—‘_I gave her one, they gave him two_—’ why, that must be what he
court was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so
court with a smile. There was a dead silence.
court!” and the King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round,
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse. “Fourteenth of March, I _think_ it
court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.
court,” and I never understood what it meant till now.”
court.
creatures hid their faces in their paws.
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy—and the sneeze of the baby, the
croquet with the Queen,” and she hurried out of the room. The cook
croquet-ground.
crossed her hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons, and began
crowded round it, panting, and asking, “But who has won?”
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures
cupboards as she fell past it.
curious song about the whiting!”
cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. “Very
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
dare say there may be _one_.”
day about it!” and he went on in these words:
days and days.”
days.
deal to come before that!”
dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!” (when she thought it over afterwards,
dear, _you_ must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes my
dear: she is only a child!”
decided tone: “tell her something about the games now.”
deep well.
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
denial; We must have a trial: For really this morning I’ve
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did. After these came
did not come the same as they used to do:—
did not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.
did with the tarts, you know—”
different sizes in a day is very confusing.”
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
disappeared.
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute,
distance.
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
do a thing I ask! It’s always six o’clock now.”
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
do you know that you’re mad?”
does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
does very well without—Maybe it’s always pepper that makes people
doesn’t like changing so often, you know.”
doesn’t suit my throat!” and a Canary called out in a trembling voice
doing out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.
done now! How puzzling all these changes are! I’m never sure what I’m
don’t think,” Alice went on, “that they’d let Dinah stop in the house
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
door: but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well
down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
down on one knee as he spoke, “we were trying—”
down on one knee. “I’m a poor man, your Majesty,” he began.
down the bottle, saying to herself “That’s quite enough—I hope I shan’t
down, both of you, and don’t speak a word till I’ve finished.”
doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with a
drawing of a muchness?”
dreadful,” she muttered to herself, “the way all the creatures argue.
dream, dear, certainly: but now run in to your tea; it’s getting late.”
dreamy sort of way, “Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?” and
dropped it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.
drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,
drunk quite so much!”
dry me at all.”
eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was
ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried it
earth takes twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis—”
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they
edition.
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
either question, it didn’t much matter which way she put it. She felt
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
elbow.”
electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
electronic works
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.
ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
enough for it to speak with.
enough.”
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her
even in the middle of her favourite word ‘moral,’ and the arm that was
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
ever,” thought the poor child, “for I never was so small as this
everything about her, to pass away the time.
everything that Alice said; “there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
everything’s curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.” And
evidently meant for her.
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look
executed, whether you’re nervous or not.”
executes nobody, you know. Come on!”
executions I have ordered;” and she walked off, leaving Alice alone
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
explain to you how it was done. They had a large canvas bag, which tied
expressing yourself.”
eyes, “Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.”
eyes.—“Tell her about the reason and all that,” he said to the Gryphon.
face, and was beating her violently with its wings.
faces, so that they couldn’t see it?” So she stood still where she was,
facility: www.gutenberg.org.
fall a long way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they
falling through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) “And what
fan and gloves.
fancy—Who’s to go down the chimney?—Nay, _I_ shan’t! _You_ do
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. “Poor little
feel a little worried.
feeling very glad that it was over at last: “and I do so like that
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
fellow?”
felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes,
felt sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.
felt that it ought to be treated with respect.
ferrets! Where _can_ I have dropped them, I wonder?” Alice guessed in a
fetch it here, lad!—Here, put ’em up at this corner—No, tie ’em
field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a
figures!” And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
filled with tears again as she went on, “I must be Mabel after all, and
finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
fish)—and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles. It was opened by
flame of a candle is like after the candle is blown out, for she could
flavour of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. “I must go and get ready to play
flower-pot that stood near. The three soldiers wandered about for a
flowers and those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there’s any
for any lesson-books!”
for apples, yer honour!”
for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); “now I’m
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the
forehead ache!”
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly
forgotten to ask.”
forth in Section 3 below.
found out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she
four inches deep and reaching half down the hall.
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
friend.
fright. “Oh, I beg your pardon!” cried Alice hastily, afraid that she
frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool—she
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled
from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a commotion in the
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in his
from people in all walks of life.
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
from the roof.
from the sky! Ugh, Serpent!”
from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a
from?”
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
full of tears, but said nothing.
funny watch!” she remarked. “It tells the day of the month, and doesn’t
further.
gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about
gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen,
gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it),
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
get an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. “Just
get into the garden, and I don’t care which happens!”
get out again.
get the trial done,” she thought, “and hand round the refreshments!”
getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would
girls of her age knew the meaning of it at all. However, “jury-men”
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing
glad there _was_ no one listening, this time, as it didn’t sound at all
glass table. “Now, I’ll manage better this time,” she said to herself,
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice’s
gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but
gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a
go by the carrier,” she thought; “and how funny it’ll seem, sending
go on. “And so these three little sisters—they were learning to draw,
go round and get in at the window.”
go to law: _I_ will prosecute _you_.—Come, I’ll take no
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
going to be, from one minute to another! However, I’ve got back to my
going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog
going to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but
goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a _very_ unpleasant
good thing!” she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the
good, that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them—“I wish they’d
got it out again, and put it right; “not that it signifies much,” she
grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.
grand words to say.)
great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and
great hurry, muttering to himself as he came, “Oh! the Duchess, the
great hurry.
grin without a cat! It’s the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!”
ground as she spoke; “either you or your head must be off, and that in
ground—and I should have croqueted the Queen’s hedgehog just now, only
grow any more—As it is, I can’t get out at the door—I do wish I hadn’t
grow larger again, and she thought at first she would get up and leave
grow shorter.”
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
growing small again.” She got up and went to the table to measure
growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
growl, “the world would go round a deal faster than it does.”
had finished, her sister kissed her, and said, “It _was_ a curious
had got its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
had hurt the poor animal’s feelings. “I quite forgot you didn’t like
had just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a
had to pinch it to make it stop.
had unrolled itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all
had!”
half to itself, half to Alice.
half-past one as long as you liked.”
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the
hand, and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all
hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes were
happen,” she said to herself, “whenever I eat or drink anything; so
happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things
hastily.
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
have this cat removed!”
have to turn into a chrysalis—you will some day, you know—and then
have you executed on the spot.”
haven’t got much evidence _yet_,” she said to herself. Imagine her
haven’t had a wink of sleep these three weeks!”
he spoke.
head first, and then sat upon it.)
head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
head!’”
head. But at any rate he might answer questions.—How am I to get in?”
head. “If I eat one of these cakes,” she thought, “it’s sure to make
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
hedgehog a blow with its head, it _would_ twist itself round and look
hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double
hedges,” the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; “but those
held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off
help me out of _this!_” (Sounds of more broken glass.)
help thinking there _must_ be more to come, so she sat still and said
helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree.
her a good deal until she made out what it was: she was beginning to
her daughter “Ah, my dear! Let this be a lesson to you never to lose
her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having
her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the
her head!” Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She
her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the
her wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion,
her: she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
here directly, and get ready for your walk!’ ‘Coming in a minute,
here till I’m somebody else’—but, oh dear!” cried Alice, with a sudden
here?”
herself at last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
herself, as well as she could for sneezing.
herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of them.
herself, “I don’t see how he can _ever_ finish, if he doesn’t begin.”
herself, “because of his great wig.”
herself, “it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
herself.
herself.
herself. “Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill! I wouldn’t be in
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
high: then she walked down the little passage: and _then_—she found
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
his fan and gloves—that is, if I can find them.” As she said this, she
his fancy, that: he hasn’t got no sorrow, you know. Come on!”
his note-book, cackled out “Silence!” and read out from his book, “Rule
hiss made her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her
history, and you’ll understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.”
history, she do.”
hoarse, feeble voice: “I heard every word you fellows were saying.”
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.
hot buttered toast,) she very soon finished it off.
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of
hot tea upon its nose.
hot-tempered,” she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as
how I wish I could shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only
how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she
hurried nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went
hurried off.
idea that they must be collected at once and put back into the
idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice
if it began ordering people about like that!”
if you were _inside_, you might knock, and I could let you out, you
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
important to say!”
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
in a great hurry; “and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
in a natural way.
in a pleased tone.
in a wondering tone.
in an agony of terror. “Oh, there goes his _precious_ nose!” as an
in her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live
in one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
in questions of eating and drinking.
in reply.
in she went.
in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire,
in the pool, “and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her
in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three
in the world am I? Ah, _that’s_ the great puzzle!” And she began
in the world she was to get out again.
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
indeed were really impossible.
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes,
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
interrupted, “if you don’t explain it as you go on? It’s by far the
interrupting him,) “I’ll give him sixpence. _I_ don’t believe there’s
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
introduce it.”
invent something!”
is it twelve? I—”
is it?” he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
is the driest thing I know. Silence all round, if you please! ‘William
is, it would feel very queer to _me_.”
is, you _are_ a simpleton.”
is—‘Be what you would seem to be’—or if you’d like it put more
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him
it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of
it is you hate—C and D,” she added in a whisper, half afraid that it
it kills all the rats and—oh dear!” cried Alice in a sorrowful tone,
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
it muttering to itself “The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the
it ran away when it saw mine coming!”
it suddenly appeared again.
it!—_That_ I won’t, then!—Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill! the master says
it. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind,
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her
it; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it
its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, “So you
its eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did
its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; “and they drew all manner of
its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut.
itself up and straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for
jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all
jury-box, or they would die.
just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to one of the officers
just beginning to write this down on their slates, when the White
keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her
kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: “Dear, dear! How
key and hurried off to the garden door.
key was lying on the glass table as before, “and things are worse than
kind of rule, “and vinegar that makes them sour—and camomile that makes
kind to them,” thought Alice, “or perhaps they won’t walk the way I
kiss my hand if it likes.”
knew how to begin.” For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
know that cats _could_ grin.”
know why it’s called a whiting?”
know, and he says it’s so useful, it’s worth a hundred pounds! He says
know, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that _somebody_ ought to
know, with oh, such long curly brown hair! And it’ll fetch things when
know,” he went on, spreading out the verses on his knee, and looking at
know.”
know.” He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and
knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good
label, with the words “DRINK ME,” beautifully printed on it in large
ladder?—Why, I hadn’t to bring but one; Bill’s got the other—Bill!
large as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.
large in the last few minutes that she wasn’t a bit afraid of
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such
last she stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke
laughed, “Let the jury consider their verdict,” the King said, for
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
leading right into it. “That’s very curious!” she thought. “But
least, if there are, nobody attends to them—and you’ve no idea how
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.
leaves: “I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if—if I’d
led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom
led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
lefthand bit.
legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
less than no time she’d have everybody executed, all round. (It was
lessons in here? Why, there’s hardly room for _you_, and no room at all
letter, written by the prisoner to—to somebody.”
letters.
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
license, especially commercial redistribution.
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a sky-rocket!”
like that!”
like the three gardeners, but she could not remember ever having heard
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over. However,
likely it can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying.” So she
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
linked into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the
little animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill,
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
little chin.
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions,
little door, had vanished completely.
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up
little shriek, and went on: “—that begins with an M, such as
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
little voice, the name “Alice!”
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on: “But
lobsters to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard a
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her:
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
looking at the Cat’s head with great curiosity.
looking for eggs, I know _that_ well enough; and what does it matter to
looking for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn’t want
looking up into hers—she could hear the very tones of her voice, and
loud.
lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock
made up my mind about it; if I’m Mabel, I’ll stay down here! It’ll be
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I’ll
makes them so shiny?”
making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes
many miles I’ve fallen by this time?” she said aloud. “I must be
many more than three.”
matter much,” thought Alice, “as all the arches are gone from this side
me whether you’re a little girl or a serpent?”
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
might be hungry, in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in
mind,” said Alice: “three inches is such a wretched height to be.”
minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and
minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, “You’re
minute.
mistake it had made.
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
moment like a wild beast, screamed “Off with her head! Off—”
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then
most confusing thing _I_ ever heard!”
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness—you know you say
mouth; but she did it at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
moved into the Dormouse’s place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the
moved.
much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the
muddle their slates’ll be in before the trial’s over!” thought Alice.
murder to leave it behind?” She said the last words out loud, and the
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went,
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large blue
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
must make me smaller, I suppose.”
my fur and whiskers! She’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
my tea when I was sent for.”
myself about you: you must manage the best way you can;—but I must be
natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if
near the house till she had brought herself down to nine inches high.
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, “What are tarts made of?”
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
next to her. “I can hardly breathe.”
next witness.” And he added in an undertone to the Queen, “Really, my
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself
no business of _mine_.”
no mice in the air, I’m afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that’s
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, I’ve
no use denying it. I suppose you’ll be telling me next that you never
no use their putting their heads down and saying ‘Come up again, dear!’
nobody, which isn’t usual, you know.”
noise going on within—a constant howling and sneezing, and every now
not going to do _that_ in a hurry. “No, I’ll look first,” she said,
not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. There was exactly
not like the look of the thing at all. “But perhaps it was only
not myself, you see.”
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, “why
not remember ever having seen such a thing.
nothing better to say than his first remark, “It was the _best_ butter,
nothing to do.’ Said the mouse to the cur, ‘Such a trial, dear
nothing written on the _outside_.” He unfolded the paper as he spoke,
nothing, being fast asleep.
nothing.
now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon
now and then; such as, “Sure, I don’t like it, yer honour, at all, at
now for the garden!” and she ran with all speed back to the little
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
now!” The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
now? That’ll be a comfort, one way—never to be an old woman—but
now—Don’t choke him—How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
number of executions the Queen had ordered.
nurse! But I’ve got to see that the mouse doesn’t get out.’ Only I
nurse—and she’s such a capital one for catching mice—oh, I beg your
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
occasional exclamation of “Hjckrrh!” from the Gryphon, and the constant
occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
of course?”
of cucumber-frames there must be!” thought Alice. “I wonder what
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
of everything I’ve said as yet.”
of his Normans—’ How are you getting on now, my dear?” it continued,
of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the
of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she
of my own. I’m a hatter.”
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
of such a rule at processions; “and besides, what would be the use of a
of swimming about here, O Mouse!” (Alice thought this must be the right
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
of the court, “Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!”
of the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of
of the ground.” So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not
of the sea.”
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself “Now I
of them.” In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew
of things—I can’t remember half of them—and it belongs to a farmer, you
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
of yours.’”
off a bit of the edge with each hand.
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
off, without waiting for the end of the song.
off.
off.
offended!”
officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get
older than you, and must know better;” and this Alice would not allow
on better.”
on in the common way.
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
on which the wretched Hatter trembled so, that he shook both his shoes
on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she
on, as she heard the Queen’s voice in the distance, screaming with
on.”
on.”
one a-piece, all round.
one corner of it: “No room! No room!” they cried out when they saw
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool
one left alive!”
one of them say, “Look out now, Five! Don’t go splashing paint over me
one! There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And
oneself speak—and they don’t seem to have any rules in particular; at
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I’d nearly forgotten that
only too glad to do so.
only took the regular course.”
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!”
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
or courtiers, or three of her own children.
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution—once more the pig-baby
ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens,
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
others.
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a
otherwise.’”
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
out into the open air. “If I don’t take this child away with me,”
out of that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright
out “The Queen! The Queen!” and the three gardeners instantly threw
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
over, and she felt certain it must be really offended. “We won’t talk
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she
painting those roses?”
pairs of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the
paper.
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
pardon!” cried Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all
passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get
passed; it was labelled “ORANGE MARMALADE”, but to her great
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
paws and washing her face—and she is such a nice soft thing to
payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
people! Why, there’s hardly enough of me left to make _one_ respectable
perfectly idiotic!” And she opened the door and went in.
perfectly round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
perhaps as this is May it won’t be raving mad—at least not so mad as it
perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she
person!”
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
picked up.”
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
pictures of him), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo
pieces.
pitied him deeply. “What is his sorrow?” she asked the Gryphon, and the
place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any
plate with the name “W. RABBIT,” engraved upon it. She went in without
please: we don’t want _you_ with us!’”
pleased to have got into a conversation.
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then,
pool as it went.
poor Alice, “it would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh,
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
possibly hear you.” And certainly there _was_ a most extraordinary
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
practice to say it over) “—yes, that’s about the right distance—but
presented the thimble, saying “We beg your acceptance of this elegant
presents to one’s own feet! And how odd the directions will look!
procession,” thought she, “if people had all to lie down upon their
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
proposal.
proud as all that.”
proud of it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little
provided that:
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
putting things!”
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.
puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the
puzzling it all is! I’ll try if I know all the things I used to know.
quarrelled last March—just before _he_ went mad, you know—” (pointing
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
queer, won’t you?”
question is, what?”
question, you know.”
question,” added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked
question. “What sort of people live about here?”
quiet thing,” Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about
quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and
railway,” she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
rate! However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try
rather a handsome pig, I think.” And she began thinking over other
rather sharply; “I advise you to leave off this minute!” She generally
rather shyly, “I—I hardly know, sir, just at present—at least I know
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the
rearing itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).
receipt of the work.
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.
regular rule: you invented it just now.”
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.
remaining provisions.
remark, with variations. “I shall sit here,” he said, “on and off, for
remark, “it’s a vegetable. It doesn’t look like one, but it is.”
remarked, “If you can’t be civil, you’d better finish the story for
remedies—”
repeated her question. “Why did they live at the bottom of a well?”
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone,
replied; “and then the different branches of Arithmetic—Ambition,
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried
right height to rest her chin upon Alice’s shoulder, and it was an
right size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden—how
ringlets, and mine doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and I’m sure I can’t
roof off.” After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
rope—Will the roof bear?—Mind that loose slate—Oh, it’s coming down!
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
running down his cheeks, he went on again:—
running on the song, “I’d have said to the porpoise, ‘Keep back,
sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.
safe in a thick wood.
said Alice to herself, “in my going out altogether, like a candle. I
said Alice, seriously, “I’ll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice’s,
said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in
said this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather
said to herself; “I should think it would be _quite_ as much use in the
said to herself; “the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and
said “No, never”) “—so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a
said, “It was a treacle-well.”
said, “_Everybody_ has won, and all must have prizes.”
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling
sat down and cried.
savage when they met in the kitchen.
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
say that ‘I see what I eat’ is the same thing as ‘I eat what I see’!”
saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.
saying to herself “This is Bill,” she gave one sharp kick, and waited
saying, in a solemn tone, “For the Duchess. An invitation from the
saying, “Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,” but she could not
say—that’s the same thing, you know.”
scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then,
scream of laughter. “Oh, hush!” the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
sea of green leaves that lay far below her.
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
sea-shore—”
sea. The master was an old Turtle—we used to call him Tortoise—”
second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that
see its meaning.
see that queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
seemed to listen, the whole place around her became alive with the
seems to suit them!”
seen them so often, of course you know what they’re like.”
sentence first!”
sentence of execution.”
serpents! There’s no pleasing them!”
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath,
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Her chin was pressed
several nice little histories about children who had got burnt, and
several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and
severity; “it’s very rude.”
shape doesn’t matter,” it said,) and then all the party were placed
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
sharp little chin into Alice’s shoulder as she added, “and the moral of
she could.
she felt a little nervous about this; “for it might end, you know,”
she had known them all her life. Indeed, she had quite a long argument
she had somehow fallen into the sea, “and in that case I can go back by
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there
she had succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
she heard a little animal (she couldn’t guess of what sort it was)
she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
she remembered having seen in her brother’s Latin Grammar, “A mouse—of
she remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands,
she repeated, aloud.
she said to herself; “his eyes are so _very_ nearly at the top of his
she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.
she spoke.
she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough,
she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that
she turned to the Mock Turtle, and said “What else had you to learn?”
she was nine feet high.
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. “What fun!” said the Gryphon,
she was talking. “How _can_ I have done that?” she thought. “I must be
she’ll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!”
shook its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, “I
should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down
should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can’t see you?”
shouldn’t be hungry for it, you know.”
shouting “Off with his head!” or “Off with her head!” about once in a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change
sighing.
sight, they were getting so far off). “Oh, my poor little feet, I
silence, and then another confusion of voices—“Hold up his head—Brandy
silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and
silent.
simply—‘Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
sir, With no jury or judge, would be wasting our breath.’
sir—” The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
skimming out, straight at the Footman’s head: it just grazed his nose,
slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily
slipped in like herself.
small. “Off with his head!” she said, without even looking round.
smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of
snappishly. “You’re enough to try the patience of an oyster!”
snorting like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling
so _very_ much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, “Oh
so closely against her foot, that there was hardly room to open her
so desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the
so stingy about it, you know—”
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
sobbing,” she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so
some minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it unfolded
some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and
some time without interrupting it.
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
sometimes, “Do bats eat cats?” for, you see, as she couldn’t answer
soon came to the conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.
soon made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when
sooner or later.
sorrowful tone; “at least there’s no room to grow up any more _here_.”
sort of lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at
sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English. “I don’t quite
speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.
speaking to it,” she thought, “till its ears have come, or at least one
speech.
spite of all her coaxing.
splash! she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. “You’re thinking
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
state of mind, she turned away.
status with the IRS.
stays the same year for such a long time together.”
stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.”
stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.
stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, “Silence in the
strange creatures of her little sister’s dream.
subjects on his flappers, “—Mystery, ancient and modern, with
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
such as, that a red-hot poker will burn you if you hold it too long;
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; “and
sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with
suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
sure _I_ shan’t be able! I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
sure! However, everything is queer to-day.”
surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill
surprised he’ll be when he finds out who I am! But I’d better take him
sweet-tempered. I only wish people knew _that_: then they wouldn’t be
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. She soon
tail. “As if _I_ would talk on such a subject! Our family always
take _more_ than nothing.”
take a fancy to cats if you could only see her. She is such a dear
take me for a dunce? Go on!”
take more.”
tale was something like this:—
talking again. “Dinah’ll miss me very much to-night, I should think!”
talking in his sleep, “that ‘I breathe when I sleep’ is the same thing
talking together: she made out the words: “Where’s the other
tarts on the table. “Nothing can be clearer than _that_. Then
taste it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed
tasted an egg!”
tea-things are put out here?” she asked.
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen’s shrill
telescope.”
tell its age, there was no more to be said.
tell what o’clock it is!”
tell you how the Dodo managed it.)
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
that Alice could hardly hear the words:—
that _would_ always get into her eyes—and still as she listened, or
that all the jurors were writing down “stupid things!” on their slates,
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself “Then I’ll
that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and
that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.
that kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of
that ridiculous fashion.” And he got up very sulkily and crossed over
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
that she had put on one of the Rabbit’s little white kid gloves while
that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she was
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.”
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she
that used to come once a week: _he_ taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
that!” He got behind Alice as he spoke.
that—only the March Hare said—”
the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted
the Duchess and the baby—the fire-irons came first; then followed a
the Duchess said after a pause: “the reason is, that I’m doubtful about
the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
the Gryphon added “Come, let’s hear some of _your_ adventures.”
the Gryphon.
the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down looking for it,
the King’s crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
the March Hare.
the March Hare.
the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, “My dear! I wish you would
the Queen, who was reading the list of singers.
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or
the conversation a little.
the court; but on second thoughts she decided to remain where she was
the crown. William’s conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence
the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it,
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even
the earth! How funny it’ll seem to come out among the people that walk
the end of every line:
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
the fall was over.
the fan, and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go.
the first minute or two, it was as much as she could do to hold it.
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into
the moral of that is—‘Birds of a feather flock together.’”
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you’d only have to whisper a
the m—”
the name of nearly everything there. “That’s the judge,” she said to
the newspapers, at the end of trials, “There was some attempts at
the number of changes she had gone through that day.
the officers of the court. (As that is rather a hard word, I will just
the other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a
the other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until
the others all joined in chorus, “Yes, please do!” but the Mouse only
the pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers,
the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
the right word) “—but I shall have to ask them what the name of the
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a
the royal children, and everybody else.
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
the teapot.
the temper of your flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?”
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
the tops of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened
the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
the works!” he added looking angrily at the March Hare.
their eyes and mouths so _very_ wide, but she gained courage as she
their faces, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of
their mouths—and they’re all over crumbs.”
their own business!”
their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
them bitter—and—and barley-sugar and such things that make children
them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,
them out with his nose, you know?”
them over!”
them with one eye; “I seem to see some meaning in them, after all.
them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also,
them, they set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
themselves up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
themselves.’”
then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I’ve got to?” (Alice had no
then a voice she had never heard before, “Sure then I’m here! Digging
then the Rabbit’s voice along—“Catch him, you by the hedge!” then
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
then, if I like being that person, I’ll come up: if not, I’ll stay down
then, when you’ve cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way—”
then—always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn’t like _that!_”
there could be _no_ mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than
there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
they doing?” Alice whispered to the Gryphon. “They can’t have anything
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of
they lived at the bottom of a well—”
they pinched it on both sides at once.
they were nowhere to be seen—everything seemed to have changed since
they’ll do next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they
they’re a kind of serpent, that’s all I can say.”
thimble;” and, when it had finished this short speech, they all
thing about it.” (The jury all looked puzzled.)
thing before, and he wasn’t going to begin at _his_ time of life.
thing!” said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to
thing!” said the Queen, “and take this young lady to see the Mock
things are “much of a muchness”—did you ever see such a thing as a
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go
things—everything that begins with an M—”
things—” when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they’ll all think me
think of what work it would make with the day and night! You see the
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well—eh, stupid?”
think you’re changed, do you?”
think, you ought to tell me who _you_ are, first.”
think?” he said to the Queen.
thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age as
think—”
this Alice thought decidedly uncivil. “But perhaps he can’t help it,”
this last remark that had made the whole party look so grave and
this moment, I tell you!” But she went on all the same, shedding
this time with the words “DRINK ME,” but nevertheless she uncorked it
this time.) “You’re nothing but a pack of cards!”
this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she
this,” she said to herself, and shouted out, “You’d better not do that
those long words, and, what’s more, I don’t believe you do either!” And
though still sobbing a little now and then, “we went to school in the
though this was not a _very_ good opportunity for showing off her
though. He was an old crab, _he_ was.”
thought Alice, “they’re sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
thought Alice; “I might as well be at school at once.” However, she got
thought of herself, “I wish the creatures wouldn’t be so easily
thought, and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its
thought: still it had _very_ long claws and a great many teeth, so she
three blasts on the trumpet, and called out, “First witness!”
three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
threw a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her.
through the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of
through the doorway; “and even if my head would go through,” thought
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and
thunderstorm.
time for dinner!”
time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely disappeared; so
time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually _took a
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
time she found a little bottle on it, (“which certainly was not here
time when I learn music.”
time,” she said, “than waste it in asking riddles that have no
timidly, saying to herself “Suppose it should be raving mad after all!
tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and whispered “She’s under
tittered audibly.
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
to Alice for protection.
to about two feet high: even then she walked up towards it rather
to ask.
to ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.”
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
to change the subject.
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
to find her way out. “I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
to have the experiment tried.
to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so
to herself “It’s the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk
to herself, “if one only knew the right way to change them—” when she
to himself in an undertone,
to its children, “Come away, my dears! It’s high time you were all in
to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
to make out who was talking.
to notice this last remark.
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
to put down yet, before the trial’s begun.”
to repeat it, but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words
to repeat it, when a cry of “The trial’s beginning!” was heard in the
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.
to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as
to see what was the matter with it. There could be no doubt that it had
to see what would happen next.
to the Knave.
to the company generally, “You are all pardoned.” “Come, _that’s_ a
to the door.
to the other side of the court.
to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.
to.”
together first—they don’t reach half high enough yet—Oh! they’ll do
tone of great relief. “Now at _ours_ they had at the end of the bill,
tone though), “I won’t have any pepper in my kitchen _at all_. Soup
tone, and added with a kind of sob, “I’ve tried every way, and nothing
tone, only changing the order of the words a little, “From the Queen.
tone. “Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I’m sure she’s the best
tone. “The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
too.”
top of the house!” (Which was very likely true.)
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
trembling voice, “Let us get to the shore, and then I’ll tell you my
trial one way up as the other.”
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
trot away quietly into the wood. “If it had grown up,” she said to
trouble, you know, as we needn’t try to find any. And yet I don’t
try the whole cause, and condemn you to death.’”
trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was
turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
turning to Alice as it spoke.
turning to the rose-tree, she went on, “What _have_ you been doing
twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right
two reasons. First, because I’m on the same side of the door as you
two sobs choked his voice. “Same as if he had a bone in his throat,”
two.
uglifying!” it exclaimed. “You know what to beautify is, I suppose?”
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,” thought Alice; “only, as it’s asleep,
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
uncommon nonsense.”
under her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she
understand you,” she said, as politely as she could.
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:—
unusually large saucepan flew close by it, and very nearly carried it
up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig,
up in her face, with such a puzzled expression that she could not help
up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so full of the Lobster
upon an open place, with a little house in it about four feet high.
upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
us all about it!”
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
used—and I don’t keep the same size for ten minutes together!”
verdict,” he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
verse.”
verses to himself: “‘_We know it to be true_—’ that’s the jury, of
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
very curious to see what the next witness would be like, “—for they
very like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?” And here
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
very little! Besides, _she’s_ she, and _I’m_ I, and—oh dear, how
very queer indeed:—
very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
violent blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!
violently, that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.
voice, “Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
volunteer support.
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
walking away. “You insult me by talking such nonsense!”
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly,
wandered about in the wood, “is to grow to my right size again; and the
want to go! Let me see: I’ll give them a new pair of boots every
wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of
was enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.
was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out
was in March.” As she said this, she looked up, and there was the Cat
was in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this
was of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.
was on the top of it.
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: “but it doesn’t
was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
was sneezing on the Duchess’s knee, while plates and dishes crashed
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know. So
was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
was, “Why is a raven like a writing-desk?”
was,” he said.
watch out of its waistcoat-pocket_, and looked at it, and then hurried
watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the
watching it a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
way through the wood. “It’s the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in
way?”, holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill! catch hold of this
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
went nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard
went on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part
went on. “Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?”
were any tears.
were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was
what a wonderful dream it had been.
what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
what they said.
what they’re about!”
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
what ‘it’ means.”
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
when I grow up, I’ll write one—but I’m grown up now,” she added in a
when they had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little
which the March Hare was said to live. “I’ve seen hatters before,” she
which word sounded best.
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.
while the rest of the party went back to the game.
whiskers!”
who I _was_ when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
who turned pale and fidgeted.
who were lying round the rose-tree; for, you see, as they were lying on
why did they live at the bottom of a well?”
wider. “Come, it’s pleased so far,” thought Alice, and she went on.
wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
will be the best plan.”
wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds—the rattling
window!”
window, and some of them hit her in the face. “I’ll put a stop to
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.”
with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said so.
with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) “—it was at the great concert
with sobs, to sing this:—
with the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature,
with the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, “I am
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
with the other players, and shouting “Off with his head!” or “Off with
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
with their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think—” (she was rather
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
with this creature when I get it home?” when it grunted again, so
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
without attending to her, “if we had the door between us. For instance,
without even waiting to put his shoes on.
without further opportunities to fix the problem.
without knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to
wonder what I should be like then?” And she tried to fancy what the
wonder what they _will_ do next! If they had any sense, they’d take the
wonder who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I’m
wondering if anything would _ever_ happen in a natural way again.
wondering very much what would happen next.
won’t talk about cats or dogs either, if you don’t like them!” When the
wood—(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery:
words have got altered.”
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
works.
worse. You _must_ have meant some mischief, or else you’d have signed
would be offended again.
would change to dull reality—the grass would be only rustling in the
would cost them their lives.
would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all
would have done just as well.
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
writing-desks, which wasn’t much.
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:—
wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and
www.gutenberg.org/license.
yawned once or twice, and shook itself. Then it got down off the
year it is?”
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!”
yet.”
yet—it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life! I do wonder what
you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
you can find it.” And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice’s side as
you don’t know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.) “Up, lazy
you dry enough!” They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the
you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
you know!”
you know.”
you know—”
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in
you see, Miss, we’re doing our best, afore she comes, to—” At this
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?”
you share it without charge with others.
you speak?”
you thinking of?”
you throw them, and it’ll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
you,” (she might well say this), “to go on crying in this way! Stop
your Majesty?” he asked.
your cat grins like that?”
your name like an honest man.”
your pocket?” he went on, turning to Alice.
yourself!”
yourself.”
you’re to go down the chimney!”
‘French, music, _and washing_—extra.’”
‘I’ll be judge, I’ll be jury,’ Said cunning old Fury: ‘I’ll
‘Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
‘Up above the world you fly,
‘What for?’”
’tis love, that makes the world go round!’”
“A barrowful of _what?_” thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
“A cat may look at a king,” said Alice. “I’ve read that in some book,
“A cheap sort of present!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they don’t give
“A fine day, your Majesty!” the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
“A knot!” said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
“A likely story indeed!” said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
“After that,” continued the Hatter, “I cut some more bread-and-butter—”
“Ah! that accounts for it,” said the Hatter. “He won’t stand beating.
“Ah! then yours wasn’t a really good school,” said the Mock Turtle in a
“Ah, well! It means much the same thing,” said the Duchess, digging her
“Ahem!” said the Mouse with an important air, “are you all ready? This
“All right, so far,” said the King, and he went on muttering over the
“All right,” said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly,
“An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole
“And be quick about it,” added the Hatter, “or you’ll be asleep again
“And ever since that,” the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, “he won’t
“And how did you manage on the twelfth?” Alice went on eagerly.
“And how many hours a day did you do lessons?” said Alice, in a hurry
“And just as I’d taken the highest tree in the wood,” continued the
“And now which is which?” she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
“And that’s the jury-box,” thought Alice, “and those twelve creatures,”
“And washing?” said the Mock Turtle.
“And what are they made of?” Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.
“And who are _these?_” said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners
“And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?” said the
“And yet what a dear little puppy it was!” said Alice, as she leant
“And your hair has become very white;
“Anything you like,” said the Footman, and began whistling.
“Are their heads off?” shouted the Queen.
“Are they in the prisoner’s handwriting?” asked another of the jurymen.
“Are you content now?” said the Caterpillar.
“As if it wasn’t trouble enough hatching the eggs,” said the Pigeon;
“As wet as ever,” said Alice in a melancholy tone: “it doesn’t seem to
“At any rate I’ll never go _there_ again!” said Alice as she picked her
“Back to land again, and that’s all the first figure,” said the Mock
“Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
“Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
“Begin at the beginning,” the King said gravely, “and go on till you
“Boots and shoes under the sea,” the Gryphon went on in a deep voice,
“But I don’t want to go among mad people,” Alice remarked.
“But I’m _not_ a serpent, I tell you!” said Alice. “I’m a—I’m a—”
“But I’m not used to it!” pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And she
“But about his toes?” the Mock Turtle persisted. “How _could_ he turn
“But it’s no use now,” thought poor Alice, “to pretend to be two
“But she must have a prize herself, you know,” said the Mouse.
“But then,” thought Alice, “shall I _never_ get any older than I am
“But they were _in_ the well,” Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing
“But what am _I_ to do?” said Alice.
“But what did the Dormouse say?” one of the jury asked.
“But what happens when you come to the beginning again?” Alice ventured
“But who is to give the prizes?” quite a chorus of voices asked.
“But, it goes on ‘_they all returned from him to you_,’” said Alice.
“By-the-bye, what became of the baby?” said the Cat. “I’d nearly
“Call it what you like,” said the Cat. “Do you play croquet with the
“Call the first witness,” said the King; and the White Rabbit blew
“Call the next witness!” said the King.
“Can’t remember _what_ things?” said the Caterpillar.
“Certainly not!” said Alice indignantly.
“Change lobsters again!” yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.
“Cheshire Puss,” she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know
“Chorus again!” cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun
“Collar that Dormouse,” the Queen shrieked out. “Behead that Dormouse!
“Come back!” the Caterpillar called after her. “I’ve something
“Come on!” cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
“Come on, then!” roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
“Come on, then,” said the Queen, “and he shall tell you his history,”
“Come, let’s try the first figure!” said the Mock Turtle to the
“Come, my head’s free at last!” said Alice in a tone of delight, which
“Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!” thought Alice. “Now we shall get
“Come, there’s no use in crying like that!” said Alice to herself,
“Come, we shall have some fun now!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they’ve
“Consider your verdict,” the King said to the jury.
“Curiouser and curiouser!” cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
“Did you say pig, or fig?” said the Cat.
“Did you say ‘What a pity!’?” the Rabbit asked.
“Digging for apples, indeed!” said the Rabbit angrily. “Here! Come and
“Dinah’s our cat. And she’s such a capital one for catching mice you
“Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?” said
“Don’t be impertinent,” said the King, “and don’t look at me like
“Don’t grunt,” said Alice; “that’s not at all a proper way of
“Don’t talk nonsense,” said Alice more boldly: “you know you’re growing
“Don’t you mean ‘purpose’?” said Alice.
“EAT ME” were beautifully marked in currants. “Well, I’ll eat it,” said
“Each with a lobster as a partner!” cried the Gryphon.
“Everybody says ‘come on!’ here,” thought Alice, as she went slowly
“Exactly so,” said Alice.
“Exactly so,” said the Hatter: “as the things get used up.”
“Explain all that,” said the Mock Turtle.
“Fifteenth,” said the March Hare.
“Found _it_,” the Mouse replied rather crossly: “of course you know
“Found _what_?” said the Duck.
“Fury said to a mouse, That he met in the house, ‘Let us both
“Get to your places!” shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
“Get up!” said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three
“Give your evidence,” said the King.
“Give your evidence,” said the King; “and don’t be nervous, or I’ll
“Give your evidence,” the King repeated angrily, “or I’ll have you
“Go on with the next verse,” the Gryphon repeated impatiently: “it
“Hadn’t time,” said the Gryphon: “I went to the Classics master,
“Hand it over here,” said the Dodo.
“Have some wine,” the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.
“Have you guessed the riddle yet?” the Hatter said, turning to Alice
“He denies it,” said the King: “leave out that part.”
“He might bite,” Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious
“He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,” said the King. (The jury
“He took me for his housemaid,” she said to herself as she ran. “How
“Herald, read the accusation!” said the King.
“Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!” the Duchess said to Alice,
“Here!” cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
“Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing her ‘_Turtle Soup_,’ will you, old
“Hold your tongue!” added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
“Hold your tongue!” said the Queen, turning purple.
“How am I to get in?” asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
“How are you getting on?” said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth
“How cheerfully he seems to grin,
“How do you know I’m mad?” said Alice.
“How do you like the Queen?” said the Cat in a low voice.
“How doth the little crocodile
“How dreadfully savage!” exclaimed Alice.
“How fond she is of finding morals in things!” Alice thought to
“How queer it seems,” Alice said to herself, “to be going messages for
“How should _I_ know?” said Alice, surprised at her own courage. “It’s
“How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!”
“Hush! Hush!” said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
“I _don’t_ know,” said the Caterpillar.
“I _have_ tasted eggs, certainly,” said Alice, who was a very truthful
“I beg your pardon!” said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: “Did
“I beg your pardon,” said Alice very humbly: “you had got to the fifth
“I believe so,” Alice replied thoughtfully. “They have their tails in
“I can tell you more than that, if you like,” said the Gryphon. “Do you
“I can’t explain _myself_, I’m afraid, sir,” said Alice, “because I’m
“I can’t go no lower,” said the Hatter: “I’m on the floor, as it is.”
“I can’t help it,” said Alice very meekly: “I’m growing.”
“I could tell you my adventures—beginning from this morning,” said
“I couldn’t afford to learn it.” said the Mock Turtle with a sigh. “I
“I couldn’t help it,” said Five, in a sulky tone; “Seven jogged my
“I dare say you’re wondering why I don’t put my arm round your waist,”
“I deny it!” said the March Hare.
“I didn’t know it was _your_ table,” said Alice; “it’s laid for a great
“I didn’t know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I didn’t
“I didn’t mean it!” pleaded poor Alice. “But you’re so easily offended,
“I didn’t!” the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.
“I do,” Alice hastily replied; “at least—at least I mean what I
“I don’t believe it,” said the Pigeon; “but if they do, why then
“I don’t know of any that do,” Alice said very politely, feeling quite
“I don’t know what you mean,” said Alice.
“I don’t know where Dinn may be,” said the Mock Turtle, “but if you’ve
“I don’t like the look of it at all,” said the King: “however, it may
“I don’t much care where—” said Alice.
“I don’t see any wine,” she remarked.
“I don’t see,” said the Caterpillar.
“I don’t think they play at all fairly,” Alice began, in rather a
“I feared it might injure the brain;
“I had _not!_” cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.
“I have answered three questions, and that is enough,”
“I haven’t opened it yet,” said the White Rabbit, “but it seems to be a
“I haven’t the least idea what you’re talking about,” said Alice.
“I haven’t the slightest idea,” said the Hatter.
“I keep them to sell,” the Hatter added as an explanation; “I’ve none
“I kept all my limbs very supple
“I know what ‘it’ means well enough, when _I_ find a thing,” said the
“I mean what I say,” the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone. And
“I never heard of ‘Uglification,’” Alice ventured to say. “What is it?”
“I never said I didn’t!” interrupted Alice.
“I never saw one, or heard of one,” said Alice.
“I never thought about it,” said Alice. “Why?”
“I never went to him,” the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: “he taught
“I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,
“I quite agree with you,” said the Duchess; “and the moral of that
“I said pig,” replied Alice; “and I wish you wouldn’t keep appearing
“I shall do nothing of the sort,” said the Mouse, getting up and
“I shall sit here,” the Footman remarked, “till tomorrow—”
“I should like it very much,” said Alice, “but I haven’t been invited
“I should like to have it explained,” said the Mock Turtle.
“I speak severely to my boy,
“I suppose so,” said Alice.
“I think I should understand that better,” Alice said very politely,
“I thought it would,” said the Cat, and vanished again.
“I thought you did,” said the Mouse. “—I proceed. ‘Edwin and Morcar,
“I want a clean cup,” interrupted the Hatter: “let’s all move one place
“I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!” said Alice aloud,
“I wish I hadn’t cried so much!” said Alice, as she swam about, trying
“I wish I hadn’t mentioned Dinah!” she said to herself in a melancholy
“I wish you wouldn’t squeeze so.” said the Dormouse, who was sitting
“I won’t indeed!” said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
“I won’t!” said Alice.
“Idiot!” said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to
“If I’d been the whiting,” said Alice, whose thoughts were still
“If any one of them can explain it,” said Alice, (she had grown so
“If everybody minded their own business,” the Duchess said in a hoarse
“If that’s all you know about it, you may stand down,” continued the
“If there’s no meaning in it,” said the King, “that saves a world of
“If you didn’t sign it,” said the King, “that only makes the matter
“If you knew Time as well as I do,” said the Hatter, “you wouldn’t talk
“In _that_ direction,” the Cat said, waving its right paw round, “lives
“In my youth,” Father William replied to his son,
“In my youth,” said his father, “I took to the law,
“In my youth,” said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
“In that case,” said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, “I move
“Is that all?” said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
“Is that the way _you_ manage?” Alice asked.
“It _began_ with the tea,” the Hatter replied.
“It _is_ a long tail, certainly,” said Alice, looking down with wonder
“It _is_ the same thing with you,” said the Hatter, and here the
“It all came different!” the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. “I
“It goes on, you know,” the Hatter continued, “in this way:—
“It is a very good height indeed!” said the Caterpillar angrily,
“It is wrong from beginning to end,” said the Caterpillar decidedly,
“It isn’t directed at all,” said the White Rabbit; “in fact, there’s
“It isn’t mine,” said the Hatter.
“It isn’t,” said the Caterpillar.
“It matters a good deal to _me_,” said Alice hastily; “but I’m not
“It must be a very pretty dance,” said Alice timidly.
“It must have been that,” said the King, “unless it was written to
“It proves nothing of the sort!” said Alice. “Why, you don’t even know
“It turned into a pig,” Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
“It was much pleasanter at home,” thought poor Alice, “when one wasn’t
“It was the _best_ butter,” the March Hare meekly replied.
“It wasn’t very civil of you to sit down without being invited,” said
“It’s a Cheshire cat,” said the Duchess, “and that’s why. Pig!”
“It’s a friend of mine—a Cheshire Cat,” said Alice: “allow me to
“It’s a mineral, I _think_,” said Alice.
“It’s a pun!” the King added in an offended tone, and everybody
“It’s all about as curious as it can be,” said the Gryphon.
“It’s the first position in dancing.” Alice said; but was dreadfully
“It’s the oldest rule in the book,” said the King.
“It’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,” said the Queen.
“It’s—it’s a very fine day!” said a timid voice at her side. She was
“I—I’m a little girl,” said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
“I’d rather finish my tea,” said the Hatter, with an anxious look at
“I’d rather not,” the Cat remarked.
“I’ll fetch the executioner myself,” said the King eagerly, and he
“I’ll tell it her,” said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: “sit
“I’m _not_ a serpent!” said Alice indignantly. “Let me alone!”
“I’m a poor man, your Majesty,” the Hatter began, in a trembling voice,
“I’m a poor man,” the Hatter went on, “and most things twinkled after
“I’m afraid I am, sir,” said Alice; “I can’t remember things as I
“I’m afraid I can’t put it more clearly,” Alice replied very politely,
“I’m afraid I don’t know one,” said Alice, rather alarmed at the
“I’m afraid I’ve offended it again!” For the Mouse was swimming away
“I’m getting tired of this. I vote the young lady tells us a story.”
“I’m glad I’ve seen that done,” thought Alice. “I’ve so often read in
“I’m sure I’m not Ada,” she said, “for her hair goes in such long
“I’m sure those are not the right words,” said poor Alice, and her eyes
“I’m very sorry you’ve been annoyed,” said Alice, who was beginning to
“I’ve a right to think,” said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
“I’ve had nothing yet,” Alice replied in an offended tone, “so I can’t
“I’ve heard something like it,” said Alice.
“I’ve tried the roots of trees, and I’ve tried banks, and I’ve tried
“Just about as much right,” said the Duchess, “as pigs have to fly; and
“Keep your temper,” said the Caterpillar.
“Leave off that!” screamed the Queen. “You make me giddy.” And then,
“Let’s go on with the game,” the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was too
“Mary Ann! Mary Ann!” said the voice. “Fetch me my gloves this moment!”
“May it please your Majesty,” said Two, in a very humble tone, going
“Mine is a long and a sad tale!” said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
“My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,” said Alice very politely;
“Nearly two miles high,” added the Queen.
“Never mind!” said the King, with an air of great relief. “Call the
“Never!” said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard
“No, I didn’t,” said Alice: “I don’t think it’s at all a pity. I said
“No, I give it up,” Alice replied: “what’s the answer?”
“No, indeed,” said Alice. “What sort of a dance is it?”
“No, no! The adventures first,” said the Gryphon in an impatient tone:
“No, no!” said the Queen. “Sentence first—verdict afterwards.”
“No, please go on!” Alice said very humbly; “I won’t interrupt again. I
“No, they’re not,” said the White Rabbit, “and that’s the queerest
“No,” said Alice. “I don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is.”
“No,” said the Caterpillar.
“Nobody asked _your_ opinion,” said Alice.
“Nonsense!” said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
“Nor I,” said the March Hare.
“Not I!” said the Lory hastily.
“Not _quite_ right, I’m afraid,” said Alice, timidly; “some of the
“Not a bit,” said the Caterpillar.
“Not at all,” said Alice: “she’s so extremely—” Just then she noticed
“Not at first, perhaps,” said the Hatter: “but you could keep it to
“Not like cats!” cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. “Would
“Not the same thing a bit!” said the Hatter. “You might just as well
“Not yet, not yet!” the Rabbit hastily interrupted. “There’s a great
“Nothing _whatever?_” persisted the King.
“Nothing whatever,” said Alice.
“Nothing,” said Alice.
“Now tell me, Pat, what’s that in the window?”
“Now, Dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?” when suddenly,
“Now, I give you fair warning,” shouted the Queen, stamping on the
“Of course it is,” said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to
“Of course it was,” said the Mock Turtle.
“Of course not,” Alice replied very readily: “but that’s because it
“Of course not,” said the Mock Turtle: “why, if a fish came to _me_,
“Of course they were,” said the Dormouse; “—well in.”
“Of course twinkling begins with a T!” said the King sharply. “Do you
“Of course you don’t!” the Hatter said, tossing his head
“Of course,” the Dodo replied very gravely. “What else have you got in
“Of course,” the Mock Turtle said: “advance twice, set to partners—”
“Of the mushroom,” said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
“Off with her head!” the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
“Off with their heads!” and the procession moved on, three of the
“Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?” said Alice to
“Oh, I _beg_ your pardon!” she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
“Oh, I know!” exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last
“Oh, I’m not particular as to size,” Alice hastily replied; “only one
“Oh, I’ve had such a curious dream!” said Alice, and she told her
“Oh, _please_ mind what you’re doing!” cried Alice, jumping up and down
“Oh, _you_ sing,” said the Gryphon. “I’ve forgotten the words.”
“Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,” Alice
“Oh, as to the whiting,” said the Mock Turtle, “they—you’ve seen them,
“Oh, don’t bother _me_,” said the Duchess; “I never could abide
“Oh, don’t talk about trouble!” said the Duchess. “I make you a present
“Oh, there’s no use in talking to him,” said Alice desperately: “he’s
“Oh, you can’t help that,” said the Cat: “we’re all mad here. I’m mad.
“Oh, you foolish Alice!” she answered herself. “How can you learn
“Oh, you’re sure to do that,” said the Cat, “if you only walk long
“Once upon a time there were three little sisters,” the Dormouse began
“Once,” said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, “I was a real
“One side of _what?_ The other side of _what?_” thought Alice to
“One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
“One, indeed!” said the Dormouse indignantly. However, he consented to
“Only a thimble,” said Alice sadly.
“Only mustard isn’t a bird,” Alice remarked.
“Pepper, mostly,” said the cook.
“Perhaps it doesn’t understand English,” thought Alice; “I daresay it’s
“Perhaps it hasn’t one,” Alice ventured to remark.
“Perhaps not,” Alice cautiously replied: “but I know I have to beat
“Please come back and finish your story!” Alice called after it; and
“Please would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
“Please your Majesty,” said the Knave, “I didn’t write it, and they
“Please, then,” said Alice, “how am I to get in?”
“Pray don’t trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,” said
“Read them,” said the King.
“Really, now you ask me,” said Alice, very much confused, “I don’t
“Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,” the Mock Turtle
“Repeat, “_You are old, Father William_,’” said the Caterpillar.
“Right, as usual,” said the Duchess: “what a clear way you have of
“Serpent!” screamed the Pigeon.
“Serpent, I say again!” repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued
“Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?” the Gryphon
“Shan’t,” said the cook.
“She boxed the Queen’s ears—” the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
“She can’t explain it,” said the Gryphon hastily. “Go on with the next
“She’s in prison,” the Queen said to the executioner: “fetch her here.”
“Sixteenth,” added the Dormouse.
“So he did, so he did,” said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both
“So they were,” said the Dormouse; “_very_ ill.”
“So you did, old fellow!” said the others.
“Soles and eels, of course,” the Gryphon replied rather impatiently:
“Somebody said,” Alice whispered, “that it’s done by everybody minding
“Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
“Speak English!” said the Eaglet. “I don’t know the meaning of half
“Speak roughly to your little boy,
“Stand up and repeat ‘’_Tis the voice of the sluggard_,’” said the
“Stuff and nonsense!” said Alice loudly. “The idea of having the
“Stupid things!” Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she
“Suppose we change the subject,” the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
“Sure, it does, yer honour: but it’s an arm for all that.”
“Sure, it’s an arm, yer honour!” (He pronounced it “arrum.”)
“Swim after them!” screamed the Gryphon.
“Take off your hat,” the King said to the Hatter.
“Take some more tea,” the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.
“Talking of axes,” said the Duchess, “chop off her head!”
“Tell us a story!” said the March Hare.
“Ten hours the first day,” said the Mock Turtle: “nine the next, and so
“Thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,” said Alice,
“Thank you,” said Alice, “it’s very interesting. I never knew so much
“That I can’t remember,” said the Hatter.
“That _proves_ his guilt,” said the Queen.
“That _was_ a narrow escape!” said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
“That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,” said the Cat.
“That is not said right,” said the Caterpillar.
“That would be grand, certainly,” said Alice thoughtfully: “but then—I
“That’s different from what _I_ used to say when I was a child,” said
“That’s enough about lessons,” the Gryphon interrupted in a very
“That’s none of _your_ business, Two!” said Seven.
“That’s nothing to what I could say if I chose,” the Duchess replied,
“That’s right!” shouted the Queen. “Can you play croquet?”
“That’s the most important piece of evidence we’ve heard yet,” said the
“That’s the reason they’re called lessons,” the Gryphon remarked:
“That’s very important,” the King said, turning to the jury. They were
“The Dormouse is asleep again,” said the Hatter, and he poured a little
“The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
“The first thing I’ve got to do,” said Alice to herself, as she
“The game’s going on rather better now,” she said, by way of keeping up
“The lobsters!” shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.
“The reason is,” said the Gryphon, “that they _would_ go with the
“The trial cannot proceed,” said the King in a very grave voice, “until
“The twinkling of the _what?_” said the King.
“Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!” the soldiers shouted
“Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,” said the Cat.
“Then it ought to be Number One,” said Alice.
“Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,” said Alice angrily.
“Then the Dormouse shall!” they both cried. “Wake up, Dormouse!” And
“Then the words don’t _fit_ you,” said the King, looking round the
“Then you keep moving round, I suppose?” said Alice.
“Then you may _sit_ down,” the King replied.
“Then you should say what you mean,” the March Hare went on.
“Then you shouldn’t talk,” said the Hatter.
“Then, you know,” the Mock Turtle went on, “you throw the—”
“There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
“There isn’t any,” said the March Hare.
“There might be some sense in your knocking,” the Footman went on
“There’s a porpoise close behind us, and he’s treading on my tail.
“There’s certainly too much pepper in that soup!” Alice said to
“There’s more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,” said the
“There’s no sort of use in knocking,” said the Footman, “and that for
“There’s no such thing!” Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
“They all can,” said the Duchess; “and most of ’em do.”
“They couldn’t have done that, you know,” Alice gently remarked;
“They lived on treacle,” said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or
“They told me you had been to her,
“They were learning to draw,” the Dormouse went on, yawning and rubbing
“They were obliged to have him with them,” the Mock Turtle said: “no
“They’re putting down their names,” the Gryphon whispered in reply,
“Thinking again?” the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp
“This here young lady,” said the Gryphon, “she wants for to know your
“To begin with,” said the Cat, “a dog’s not mad. You grant that?”
“Treacle,” said a sleepy voice behind her.
“Treacle,” said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.
“Turn a somersault in the sea!” cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly
“Tut, tut, child!” said the Duchess. “Everything’s got a moral, if only
“Two days wrong!” sighed the Hatter. “I told you butter wouldn’t suit
“Two lines!” cried the Mock Turtle. “Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
“Ugh!” said the Lory, with a shiver.
“Very much indeed,” said Alice.
“Very true,” said the Duchess: “flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
“Very,” said Alice: “—where’s the Duchess?”
“Wake up, Alice dear!” said her sister; “Why, what a long sleep you’ve
“We called him Tortoise because he taught us,” said the Mock Turtle
“We had the best of educations—in fact, we went to school every day—”
“We indeed!” cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of his
“We must burn the house down!” said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice
“Well! I’ve often seen a cat without a grin,” thought Alice; “but a
“Well! _What_ are you?” said the Pigeon. “I can see you’re trying to
“Well!” thought Alice to herself, “after such a fall as this, I shall
“Well, I can’t show it you myself,” the Mock Turtle said: “I’m too
“Well, I never heard it before,” said the Mock Turtle; “but it sounds
“Well, I shan’t go, at any rate,” said Alice: “besides, that’s not a
“Well, I should like to be a _little_ larger, sir, if you wouldn’t
“Well, I’d hardly finished the first verse,” said the Hatter, “when the
“Well, I’ve tried to say “How doth the little busy bee,” but it all
“Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said—” the Hatter went on, looking
“Well, be off, then!” said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
“Well, if I must, I must,” the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
“Well, it must be removed,” said the King very decidedly, and he called
“Well, it’s got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!”
“Well, perhaps not,” said Alice in a soothing tone: “don’t be angry
“Well, perhaps you haven’t found it so yet,” said Alice; “but when you
“Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,” said Alice; “all I know
“Well, then,” the Cat went on, “you see, a dog growls when it’s angry,
“Well, then,” the Gryphon went on, “if you don’t know what to uglify
“Well, there was Mystery,” the Mock Turtle replied, counting off the
“What I was going to say,” said the Dodo in an offended tone, “was,
“What _can_ all that green stuff be?” said Alice. “And where _have_ my
“What _is_ a Caucus-race?” said Alice; not that she wanted much to
“What _is_ the fun?” said Alice.
“What _is_ the use of repeating all that stuff,” the Mock Turtle
“What a curious feeling!” said Alice; “I must be shutting up like a
“What a curious plan!” exclaimed Alice.
“What a pity it wouldn’t stay!” sighed the Lory, as soon as it was
“What did they draw?” said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.
“What did they live on?” said Alice, who always took a great interest
“What do you know about this business?” the King said to Alice.
“What do you mean by that?” said the Caterpillar sternly. “Explain
“What for?” said Alice.
“What for?” said the one who had spoken first.
“What matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied.
“What size do you want to be?” it asked.
“What trial is it?” Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
“What was _that_ like?” said Alice.
“What was that?” inquired Alice.
“What’s in it?” said the Queen.
“When _I’m_ a Duchess,” she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful
“When we were little,” the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
“Which is just the case with _mine_,” said the Hatter.
“Which would _not_ be an advantage,” said Alice, who felt very glad to
“Who _are_ you talking to?” said the King, going up to Alice, and
“Who are _you?_” said the Caterpillar.
“Who cares for you?” said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by
“Who is it directed to?” said one of the jurymen.
“Whoever lives there,” thought Alice, “it’ll never do to come upon them
“Who’s making personal remarks now?” the Hatter asked triumphantly.
“Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn’t one?” Alice asked.
“Why not?” said the March Hare.
“Why should it?” muttered the Hatter. “Does _your_ watch tell you what
“Why with an M?” said Alice.
“Why, _she_, of course,” said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one
“Why, _she_,” said the Gryphon. “It’s all her fancy, that: they never
“Why, there they are!” said the King triumphantly, pointing to the
“Why, what are _your_ shoes done with?” said the Gryphon. “I mean, what
“Why,” said the Dodo, “the best way to explain it is to do it.” (And,
“Why,” said the Gryphon, “you first form into a line along the
“Why?” said the Caterpillar.
“Will you walk a little faster?” said a whiting to a snail.
“With extras?” asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.
“Would it be of any use, now,” thought Alice, “to speak to this mouse?
“Would you like to see a little of it?” said the Mock Turtle.
“Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?”
“Would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, “why you are
“Wouldn’t it really?” said Alice in a tone of great surprise.
“Wow! wow! wow!”
“Wow! wow! wow!”
“Write that down,” the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly
“Yes!” shouted Alice.
“Yes, I think you’d better leave off,” said the Gryphon: and Alice was
“Yes, but _I_ grow at a reasonable pace,” said the Dormouse: “not in
“Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,” the Hatter grumbled:
“Yes, it _is_ his business!” said Five, “and I’ll tell him—it was for
“Yes, please do!” pleaded Alice.
“Yes, that’s it,” said the Hatter with a sigh: “it’s always tea-time,
“Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn’t believe it—”
“Yes,” said Alice doubtfully: “it means—to—make—anything—prettier.”
“Yes,” said Alice, “I’ve often seen them at dinn—” she checked herself
“Yes,” said Alice, “we learned French and music.”
“You _must_ remember,” remarked the King, “or I’ll have you executed.”
“You are not attending!” said the Mouse to Alice severely. “What are
“You are old, Father William,” the young man said,
“You are old,” said the youth, “and your jaws are too weak
“You are old,” said the youth, “as I mentioned before,
“You are old,” said the youth, “one would hardly suppose
“You are,” said the King.
“You can draw water out of a water-well,” said the Hatter; “so I should
“You can really have no notion how delightful it will be
“You can’t think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!”
“You couldn’t have wanted it much,” said Alice; “living at the bottom
“You did!” said the Hatter.
“You did,” said the Mock Turtle.
“You don’t know much,” said the Duchess; “and that’s a fact.”
“You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair.”
“You may go,” said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court,
“You may not have lived much under the sea—” (“I haven’t,” said
“You mean you can’t take _less_,” said the Hatter: “it’s very easy to
“You might just as well say,” added the Dormouse, who seemed to be
“You might just as well say,” added the March Hare, “that ‘I like what
“You must be,” said the Cat, “or you wouldn’t have come here.”
“You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple
“You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” said Alice, “a great girl like
“You ought to have finished,” said the King. “When did you begin?”
“You promised to tell me your history, you know,” said Alice, “and why
“You shan’t be beheaded!” said Alice, and she put them into a large
“You should learn not to make personal remarks,” Alice said with some
“You!” said the Caterpillar contemptuously. “Who are _you?_”
“Your Majesty must cross-examine _this_ witness.”
“Your hair wants cutting,” said the Hatter. He had been looking at
“You’ll get used to it in time,” said the Caterpillar; and it put the
“You’ll see me there,” said the Cat, and vanished.
“You’re a _very_ poor _speaker_,” said the King.
“You’re wrong about the crumbs,” said the Mock Turtle: “crumbs would
“You’ve no right to grow _here_,” said the Dormouse.
“_Are_ you to get in at all?” said the Footman. “That’s the first
“_I_ call it purring, not growling,” said Alice.
“_I_ see!” said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
“_It does the boots and shoes_,” the Gryphon replied very solemnly.
“_I’m_ not a mile high,” said Alice.
“_I’ve_ been to a day-school, too,” said Alice; “you needn’t be so
“_Stolen!_” the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made
“_That_ generally takes some time,” interrupted the Gryphon.
“_That_ you won’t!” thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
“_Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle_—” and went on so long that they
“_Un_important, of course, I meant,” the King hastily said, and went on
“_You’d_ better not talk!” said Five. “I heard the Queen say only
“and see whether it’s marked ‘_poison_’ or not”; for she had read
“and then,” thought she, “what would become of me? They’re dreadfully
“any shrimp could have told you that.”
“are done with a whiting. Now you know.”
“because they lessen from day to day.”
“but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, I
“but it doesn’t matter a bit,” she thought to herself.
“explanations take such a dreadful time.”
“for I can’t understand it myself to begin with; and being so many
“for fear they should forget them before the end of the trial.”
“if I had it written down: but I can’t quite follow it as you say it.”
“important—unimportant—unimportant—important—” as if he were trying
“just like a star-fish,” thought Alice. The poor little thing was
“stupid,” and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him. “A nice
“they’d have been ill.”
“without pictures or conversations?”
“you shouldn’t have put it in with the bread-knife.”
“—_said I could not swim_—” you can’t swim, can you?” he added, turning
“—and I hadn’t begun my tea—not above a week or so—and what with the
“—and just take his head off outside,” the Queen added to one of the
“—as far out to sea as you can—”
“—change lobsters, and retire in same order,” continued the Gryphon.
“—likely to win, that it’s hardly worth while finishing the game.”
“—or next day, maybe,” the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly
“—so long as I get _somewhere_,” Alice added as an explanation.
“—you advance twice—”
“’Tis so,” said the Duchess: “and the moral of that is—‘Oh, ’tis love,
“’Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,
• You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
• You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
• You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
• You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
﻿The Project Gutenberg eBook of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
